Clean up admission controllers concept page (#50636)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

This admission controller limits the `Node` and `Pod` objects a kubelet can modify. In order to be limited by this admission controller,
kubelets must use credentials in the `system:nodes` group, with a username in the form `system:node:<nodeName>`.
Such kubelets will only be allowed to modify:

- their own Node API object (and not any other Node); however,
  kubelets are **not** allowed to remove taints from their Node, nor to modify taints.
- Pods that are already bound to their node.

> 

Reviewer: I think we recently changed this admission controller to also prevent making changes to `ownerReferences`.

(good to fix, perhaps in a separate PR?)

**Type**: Validating.

This admission controller protects the access to the `metadata.ownerReferences` of an object

> so that only users with **delete** permission on the object can change it.

Reviewer: Even better:
```suggestion
so that only users with permission to **delete** the object can change
the owner references field.
```

This admission controller also protects the access to `metadata.ownerReferences[x].blockOwnerDeletion`

> of an object, so that only users with **update** permission on the `finalizers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of an object, so that only users with permission to **update** the `finalizers`
```

  namespace2: name-of-node-selector
```

> Reference the `PodNodeSelector` configuration from the file provided to the API server's

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
Reference the `podNodeSelector` configuration from the file provided to the API server's
```

for all pods bound to a Node, adding topology labels matching those of the bound Node.
This allows Node topology labels to be available as pod labels,
which can be surfaced to running containers using the

> [Downward API](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/downward-api/).

Reviewer: Good fix!

**Type**: Validating.

[This admission controller](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/)
implements the CEL validation for incoming matched requests. It is enabled when both feature gate

> `validatingadmissionpolicy` and `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1alpha1` group/version are enabled.

Author: Thanks for your careful review, has update to `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1`

**Type**: Validating.

[This admission controller](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/)

> implements the CEL validation for incoming matched requests. It is enabled when both feature gate

Reviewer: This is stale; ValidatingAdmissionPolicy is GA.
